# Personal description on Google Africa Certification scholarship
I'm Mr. Jonathan Kanyaris a Systems Analyst and Admistrator at my own start-up The Two Titans Solutions Limited. I'm also employed on fulltime basis as an ICT Assistant at GoK. I graduated with a Diploma  in IT and also, a Bachelor of Science in IT from KCA University, Nairobi - Kenya. Later, i joined Andela learning community in 2014 after Andela Kenya visited our main Campus in Ruaraka Nairobi for tech week fair and i enrolled for Mobile track/Android developer track but i wasn't successefully selected for the scholarship and was discontinued. I worked on in my endevours until April 2019 when Google Africa Certification Scholarship 4.0 was announced through a link on KCA University website www.kca.ac.ke and i tried my luck Subscribed, applied and watched content at pluralsight until on June 13, 2019 i was shortlisted for Google Africa Certification scholarship which is supported by Andela Learning Community (ALC 4.0) on Pluralsight and was selected to pursue Associate Cloud Engineer on GCP and Google Professional Cloud Architect all under Cloud Track. At this stage i was very happy and excited for being the best and also being selected for the first phase of the Google certification programme. I really thanked God for the milestone i had achieved in my life towards my dream in working at the worlds largest search engine Google. Though, the challenge was tough ie balancing between family,school my Bsc IT,work, my startup, short contracts , web designs, learning on pluralsight i soldiered on until on August 17, 2019 i was selected to join phase II of the programme. Some few of the websites i immensily contributed include www.endorois.org among others.Till date October 22, 2019 i'm stronglly pursuing my dream of becoming a world class IT professional at Google and i look forward for a positive progress and advancing forward to the Next stage on Project Phase and subsequently to the final stage of Google Certification.
